Document file-first promptless.yaml configuration (#595)
Promptless/docs: src/content/docs/docs/configuring-promptless/triggers/git-hub-issues.mdx

4. **Suggestion Creation**: If relevant, Promptless creates documentation suggestions and posts results back to the issue

<Note>

> If no doc collections are configured, Promptless will post a comment explaining that no matching configuration was found. This helps you understand why no documentation update was triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no doc collections are configured, Promptless posts a comment explaining that no matching configuration was found. This helps you understand why no documentation update was triggered.
```

## Configuration

> GitHub Issues triggers are a built-in trigger type that's always active when the GitHub integration is connected—no YAML configuration required. When @Promptless is mentioned in an issue on any repository where the GitHub App is installed, Promptless processes the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Issues triggers are a built-in trigger type that's always active when the GitHub integration is connected, no YAML configuration required. When @Promptless is mentioned in an issue on any repository where the GitHub App is installed, Promptless processes the request.
```
